tony/mpl hybrid docs rewrite (#237)
metaplex-foundation/developer-hub: src/pages/mpl-hybrid/create-escrow.md

| token          | Pubkey | 32   | The fungible token to be dispensed               |     |
| fee_location   | Pubkey | 32   | The account to send token fees to                |     |
| name           | String | 4    | The NFT name                                     |     |
| uri            | String | 8    | The base uri for the NFT metadata                |     |
| max            | u64    | 8    | The max index of NFTs that append to the uri     |     |
| min            | u64    | 8    | The minimum index of NFTs that append to the uri |     |
| amount         | u64    | 8    | The token cost to swap                           |     |
| fee_amount     | u64    | 8    | The token fee for capturing the NFT              |     |
| sol_fee_amount | u64    | 8    | The sol fee for capturing the NFT                |     |
| count          | u64    | 8    | The total number of swaps                        |     |
| path           | u16    | 1    | The onchain/off-chain metadata update path       |     |
| bump           | u8     | 1    | The escrow bump                                  |     |

{% /totem-accordion %}
{% /totem %}

## Create Escrow

### Args

#### name

> The name of your escrow.

Reviewer: what is it important for? Maybe provide more context

Author: I think it has zero importance/impact to be honest other than its just a title that you can perhaps pull and display on a UI if you want to. It's not part of the seed for the escrow, not part of the naming process of released nfts (that gets changed to just "Captured".

Will add the UI name part in.

```ts
name: 'My Test Escrow'
```

#### uri

> This is the base uri for your metadata pool. This needs to be a static uri which also contains your metadata json files at sequential destination. ie:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the base uri for your metadata pool. This needs to be a static uri which also contains your metadata json files at sequential destination. i.e.:
```

There are 3 separate fees that can be set.

```ts
// Amount of tokens to receive when swapping an NFT to tokens.
// This value is in lamports and you will need to take into account
// the number of decimals the token has. If the token has 5 decimals
// and you wish to charge 1 whole token then feeAmount would be `100000`.

amount: swapToTokenValueReceived,
```

```ts
// Fee amount to pay when swapping Tokens to an NFT. This value is
// in lamports and you will need to take into account the number of
// decimals the token has. If the token has 5 decimals and you wish
// to charge 1 whole token then feeAmount would be `100000`.

feeAmount: swapToNftTokenFee,
```

```ts
// Optional fee to pay when swapping from Tokens to NFT.
// This is in lamports so you can use `sol()` to calculate
// the lamports.

solFeeAmount: sol(0.5).basisPoints,
```

#### path

The `path` arg either enables of disables the metadata rerolling function on the mpl-hybrid program.

```ts
// Reroll metadata on swap 0 = true, 1 = false
path: rerollEnabled,
```

#### associatedTokenProgram

The `SPL_ASSOCIATED_TOKEN_PROGRAM_ID` can be pulled from the `mpl-toolbox` package.

```ts
// Associated Token Program ID

> associatedTokenProgram: SPL_ASSOCIATED_TOKEN_PROGRAM_ID,

Reviewer: maybe add the import?
